Oops, I still have some shares from Shenshi to buy Wen Zhishi.
Mr. Shen, do you want it?
Why would you pay attention? I think Emperor Zhou is not black enough.
Thinking of it,
Well, well, I want it,
Then, how many transfers does Mr. Lin need?
I'm not like some people who spend May Day,
Just buy it like this,
My transfer, I charge you quick money,
Hello, Mr. Zhou,
Mr. Zhou, you don’t need to be so strong with your hands.
Be careful not to break the president's hard heart. When the time comes,
You have to advance
President Zhang Fu
The emperor of Zhou personally fought against the god Shigu Quanyan
I will follow legal procedures to investigate strictly
President Xiyue
Should it be re-determined?
What Wang Miao said to Emperor Zhou
You are indeed not qualified to be the president on a single day
Hand over the president together
Go down now
Xiaobu people make a big conspiracy